#1876 Replace `JwtSecurityTokenHandler` with `JsonWebTokenHandler` in the Authentication docs according to breaking changes in .NET 8 Auth (#2238)
ThreeMammals/Ocelot: docs/features/authentication.rst

        });
    services.AddOcelot(configuration);

**Note** In order to get Ocelot to view the scope claim from Okta properly, you have to add the following to map the default Okta ``"scp"`` claim to ``"scope"``[#f4]_:

.. code-block:: csharp

    // Map Okta "scp" to "scope" claims instead of http://schemas.microsoft.com/identity/claims/scope to allow Ocelot to read/verify them
    JsonWebTokenHandler.DefaultInboundClaimTypeMap.Remove("scp");
    JsonWebTokenHandler.DefaultInboundClaimTypeMap.Add("scp", "scope");

> `Issue 446 <https://github.com/ThreeMammals/Ocelot/issues/446>`_ contains some code and examples that might help with Okta integration.

Reviewer: 1. I believe line 187, referencing issue #446 can be removed due to its outdated nature, correct? Should we always remap claims for Okta?
2. What about utilizing `Clear()` method as in the [MS Learn documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authentication/claims?view=aspnet-8.0#claims-namespaces-namespaces)?

.. [#f1] Use the ``AuthenticationProviderKeys`` property instead of ``AuthenticationProviderKey`` one. We support this ``[Obsolete]`` property for backward compatibility and migration reasons. In future releases, the property may be removed as a breaking change.
.. [#f2] "`Multiple authentication schemes <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authorization/limitingidentitybyscheme#use-multiple-authentication-schemes>`__" feature was requested in issues `740 <https://github.com/ThreeMammals/Ocelot/issues/740>`_, `1580 <https://github.com/ThreeMammals/Ocelot/issues/1580>`_ and delivered as a part of `23.0 <https://github.com/ThreeMammals/Ocelot/releases/tag/23.0.0>`_ release.
.. [#f3] We would appreciate any new PRs to add extra acceptance tests for your custom scenarios with `multiple authentication schemes <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authorization/limitingidentitybyscheme#use-multiple-authentication-schemes>`__.

> .. [#f4] .Net 8 introduced breaking change "`Security token events return a JsonWebToken <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/compatibility/aspnet-core/8.0/securitytoken-events>`__" where ``JwtSecurityToken`` was substituted for `` JsonWebToken`` for performance and reliability improvements and their respective handlers also changed from``JwtSecurityTokenHandler`` to `` JsonWebTokenHandler``. For versions prior to .NET 8, use the previous classes. 

Reviewer: **The footnote is quite lengthy!** It would be more appropriate to move this comprehensive explanation to the relevant section, while the reference that can simply direct to Microsoft documentation:
```suggestion
.. [#f4] For a complete understanding of .NET 8 breaking change related to JWT tokens, please refer to the Microsoft Learn documentation: "`Security token events return a JsonWebToken <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/compatibility/aspnet-core/8.0/securitytoken-events>`__".
```
